---
title: Home
hide_table_of_contents: true
---

# Lochting API

Welcome to the Lochting.com REST API documentation!

**[Lochting](https://www.lochting.com/en/)** is a platform created by
[Meditech Pharma](https://www.meditech-pharma.com/en/) in collaboration with
Baldwin. It focuses on creating a solution for Local Pharmacies that want to
do unified e-commerce. It offers all the tools a pharmacist needs to go
digital: a (mobile) webshop, digital signage and a distributor to deliver
products from their dispensing robot. Our mission is to interconnect
everything, as this is the only way to uniformly manage and update all your
sales channels.

Here, you will find all the necessary information to interact with our
platform programmatically using the REST API. Our API allows developers to
access and manipulate various resources on our platform, such as **orders,
reservations, and shipments**.

This documentation is intended for developers who are familiar with
**REST**ful architecture and HTTP requests. We have designed the API to be
easy to use, with clear and concise documentation and straightforward
endpoints. Our API is **versioned**, and we strive to maintain backward
compatibility whenever possible to ensure a smooth integration experience
for our users.

In this documentation, you will find information on how to authenticate and
authorize requests, a list of available endpoints, sample requests and
responses, and guidelines for error handling.

We hope you find our API documentation helpful, and we welcome any feedback
or suggestions you may have.

If you are looking for documentation of the WWKS2 protocol used to
communicate with the robot directly, it can be found here:
[WWKS2-extension-for-meditech-reservations.pdf](/WWKS2-extension-for-meditech-reservations.pdf).

Let's get started!

:::note

The documentation on the API we offer will be constantly updated and expanded.

:::

:::tip

Our API is defined in an [OpenAPI 3 specification file](/lochting-api.yaml).
You can download this file and [import it into
Postman](https://learning.postman.com/docs/integrations/available-integrations/working-with-openAPI/)
to start using the API.

:::

<img src="/img/lochting-illustration.svg" alt="" class="banner light" />
<img src="/img/lochting-illustration-dark.svg" alt="" class="banner dark" />
